bluetooth: DTM: Use radio bindings for radio antennas (#7175)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/direct_test_mode/README.rst

The application supports a maximum of 19 antennas in the direction finding mode.
The RADIO can control up to 8 GPIO pins for the purpose of controlling the external antenna switches used in direction finding.

Antenna matrix configuration
----------------------------

To use this sample to test the Bluetooth Direction Finding feature, additional configuration of GPIOs is required to control the antenna array.
Example of such configuration is provided in a devicetree overlay file :file:`nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet.overlay`.

> The overlay file provides the information about which GPIOs should be used by the Radio peripheral to switch between antenna patches during the CTE reception or transmission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overlay file provides the information of the GPIOs to be used by the Radio peripheral to switch between antenna patches during the CTE reception or transmission.
```
Should we open the abbreviation CTE?

Author: We can. I changed to Constant Tone Extension

At least one GPIO must be provided to enable antenna switching.

The GPIOs are used by the Radio peripheral in order given by the ``dfegpio#-gpios`` properties.

> The order is important because it affects mapping of the antenna switching patterns to GPIOs (see `Antenna patterns`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The order is important because it affects the mapping of the antenna switching patterns to GPIOs (see `Antenna patterns`_).
```

Author: Done

> To test the Direction Finding, provide the following data related to antenna matrix design:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To test Direction Finding, provide the following data related to antenna matrix design:
```

Author: Done

> * Provide the GPIO pins to ``dfegpio#-gpios`` properties in :file:`nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet.overlay` file
> * Provide the default antenna that will be used to receive PDU ``dfe-pdu-antenna`` property in :file:`nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet.overlay` file

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* GPIO pins to ``dfegpio#-gpios`` properties in the :file:`nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet.overlay` file
* The default antenna to be used to receive the PDU ``dfe-pdu-antenna`` property in the :file:`nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet.overlay` file
```

Author: Done

Antenna patterns
----------------

The antenna switching pattern is a binary number where each bit is applied to a particular antenna GPIO pin.

> For example, the pattern 0x3 means that antenna GPIOs at index 0,1 will be set, while the following are left unset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, the pattern ``0x3`` means that antenna GPIOs at index 0,1 is set, while the next ones are left unset.
```

Author: Done

> This also means that, for example, when using four GPIOs, the pattern count cannot be greater than 16 and maximum allowed value is 15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also means that, for example, when using four GPIOs, the pattern count cannot be greater than 16 and the maximum allowed value is 15.
```

Author: Done

> If the number of switch-sample periods is greater than the number of stored switching patterns, then the radio loops back to the first pattern.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the number of switch-sample periods is greater than the number of stored switching patterns, the radio loops back to the first pattern.
```

Author: Done

The application supports a maximum of 19 antennas in the direction finding mode.
The RADIO can control up to 8 GPIO pins for the purpose of controlling the external antenna switches used in direction finding.

Antenna matrix configuration
----------------------------

To use this sample to test the Bluetooth Direction Finding feature, additional configuration of GPIOs is required to control the antenna array.
An example of such configuration is provided in a devicetree overlay file :file:`nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet.overlay`.

> The overlay file provides the information about of the GPIOs to be used by the Radio peripheral to switch between antenna patches during the Constant Tone Extension reception or transmission.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The overlay file provides the information about of the GPIOs to be used by the Radio peripheral to switch between antenna patches during the Constant Tone Extension (CTE) reception or transmission.
```
Let's also keep the abbreviation in brackets.

Author: Ok, done

At least one GPIO must be provided to enable antenna switching.

> The GPIOs are used by the Radio peripheral in order given by the ``dfegpio#-gpios`` properties.

Reviewer: Do we need to capitalize "Radio" here?

Author: We don't need. Fixed

The order is important because it affects the mapping of the antenna switching patterns to GPIOs (see `Antenna patterns`_).

To test Direction Finding, provide the following data related to antenna matrix design:

* GPIO pins to ``dfegpio#-gpios`` properties in the :file:`nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet.overlay` file.
* The default antenna to be used to receive the PDU ``dfe-pdu-antenna`` property in the :file:`nrf5340dk_nrf5340_cpunet.overlay` file.

.. note::

>    The PDU antenna is also used for the Reference period transmission and reception.

Reviewer: Do we need to capitalize "Reference" here?

Author: We don't need. Fixed
